For me, this is a historical moment. I was very worried about how we will succeed.
But you can see that this is not possible just by people's efforts.
The angels are helping and Jehovah gives his spirit.
Actually, this went beyond our dreams, what we get.
Of course, they have in many efforts put into it, but it was worth it.
And we are very thankful to the governing body that they made it this possible for us.
We welcome the 60 brothers and sisters who symbolize their dedication to Jehovah,
who have now joined us as footstep followers of Jesus.
Thank you, friends, for all the love and the kindness you've shown us here in Sofia.
It's a great privilege to be here with all of you and feeling the love that Jehovah has for us
and for everyone of you as well.
I think that the best gift that we received from our brothers was their smiles of happiness.
We saw how the brothers and sisters with all their hearts gave their time
and were thinking about how to make the delegates feel welcome.
To hold this special event is really a huge privilege for us.
Thank you all for coming.
We are happy and we look forward to seeing each other again.
Thank you for your gift.
I think the question we all had in the beginning was, will we make it?
Still today, I don't really understand how it worked out, but we used everyone everywhere.
We knew that the brothers' young Bulgaria had less materially, but we also saw that they had a big heart.
Many different languages are spoken yet, but the spirit is the same.
We experienced what an international brotherhood really is.
The local congregations helped a lot.
They prepared a pleasant surprise for every tour.
At the end, we saw joy and happiness on the brother's faces.
For being here for the week, it really had such an impact on us.
It's been wonderful.
It's been a faith-building experience, and it really brings us together as a worldwide organization.
We're privileged to be a part of it.
So when we follow the instructions from the organization,
regarding the ministry, and we think about the brothers' happiness and joy in the ministry,
we can see the result.
We saw that in the end, Jehovah opened large doors.
We managed to accommodate our precious delegates in the best hotels,
and we saw how Jehovah can make the impossible possible.
These three days, we met our relatives from Bulgaria,
from the United States, from Macedonia, from Serbia, Ukraine, Moldova.
And we wouldn't change this for anything else.
Some of the joyful tears we were shed in the new world,
we have experienced here.
The memory of this is beautiful.
Thank you.
We are truly a family.
The feeling I had with this event is just like we had the impression to walk
for a few moments in the new world, is the way I felt.
We would like to help you learn how you can be on Jesus' side,
on his side when he completely conquers the world.
We look forward to being with you at a convention in the new world.